readme.md, before:

This repository contains outlines for [analytics courses](http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/employees/learning_ctc_home.shtml) taught under contract with the New York City [Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS)](http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/home/home.shtml) to New York City employees.

Courses run either all day (7 hours with a 1 hour lunch break) or half day (3 hours). Every class is run with 50 minute blocks of interactive lecture, discussion, and exercises, with a 10 minute break, except the half-day course, which runs in two blocks, with a 10 minute break between. This helps keep the class dynamic and allows the students time to absorb the material. 

The courses are:
+ [Introduction to Open Data](Introduction_Open_Data.md)
+ [Data Analytics for Managers](Data_Analytics_for_Managers.md)
+ [Excel Tools: Summarizing Data](Excel_Tools_Summarizing_Data.md)
+ [Introduction to Statistical Analysis](Introduction_Statistical_Analysis.md)
+ [Introduction to Open-Source Mapping with QGIS](Introduction_Open_Source_Mapping_with_QGIS.md)

For insight into my approach to teaching, see my blogposts:

+ [The Missing Pedagogy in Computer Science](http://wp.me/p2PLpM-1Jr)
+ [Teaching with Intention](http://wp.me/p2PLpM-1Or)

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

added links to blog posts

readme.md, after:

This repository contains outlines for [analytics courses](http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/employees/learning_ctc_home.shtml) taught under contract with the New York City [Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS)](http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/home/home.shtml) to New York City employees.

Courses run either all day (7 hours with a 1 hour lunch break) or half day (3 hours). Every class is run with 50 minute blocks of interactive lecture, discussion, and exercises, with a 10 minute break, except the half-day course, which runs in two blocks, with a 10 minute break between. This helps keep the class dynamic and allows the students time to absorb the material. 

The courses are:
+ [Introduction to Open Data](Introduction_Open_Data.md)
+ [Data Analytics for Managers](Data_Analytics_for_Managers.md)
+ [Excel Tools: Summarizing Data](Excel_Tools_Summarizing_Data.md)
+ [Introduction to Statistical Analysis](Introduction_Statistical_Analysis.md)
+ [Introduction to Open-Source Mapping with QGIS](Introduction_Open_Source_Mapping_with_QGIS.md)

For insight into my approach to teaching, see my blogposts:

+ [The Missing Pedagogy in Computer Science](http://wp.me/p2PLpM-1Jr)
+ [Teaching with Intention](http://wp.me/p2PLpM-1Or)

For blogposts on these classes in particular, see these posts:

+ [Teaching Analytics to City Employees: An Introduction](http://wp.me/p2PLpM-1QZ)
+ [Teaching Analytics to City Employees: Why Teach Analytics?](http://wp.me/p2PLpM-1R2)

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
